Thank you for giving a deep introduction to supervised learning. The example is very solid and easy to understand. In my opinion, machine learning will have an important role in the future. The machine learning technology has become more mature. For instance, AlphaGo has proven that machine can learn faster and deeper than human because of the difference in calculation ability. It is impossible for human to handle huge size of information in a short period of time. Computer can try as much possible cases and do simulations continuously while it cannot be done by human. If engineers can future explore more uses of machine learning in other aspect, it will do a great help to the technology development.

Thank you for your giving supplementary information and example on supervised learning. Your example is very clear and this give me a concept of how the machine learning works to be used to predict or analyze the new information. I think that it would be better if you can show the accuracy of this type of supervised learning as we know that the performance of the machine learning greatly related to the learning way of the machine. We hope to know more about the factors that affect the performance of the method in order to avoid error in real situation.

We always know that sentiment analysis and opinion mining is a very important tool in our lives and can benefits our daily lives a lot. However, thanks for sharing about the difficulties on how sentiment analysis is taken. I was always impressed when I order Siri on my iPhone to perform some tasks such as call somebody or search about some keywords. However, I didnt know how exactly Siri works until I saw this post. You remind me that the development of new technology was not easily done and it is always a difficult job.

I totally agree the difficulties of sentiment analysis. Besides those pre-processing steps needed to be worried, the positive" and negative" meaning of the word cannot considered as word by word. However", Yet" in the opening can totally make the sentences become not the positive and negative. Not" in front of the adjective can inverse the whole feeling of the comments. Therefore, sentiment analysis should be well-trained before using. Otherwise, an inaccurate result will be analyzed. However, we still need the sentiment analysis because just like what you have mentioned, it is applicable in many different areas and helps us know the overall feeling due to a product/service or a things happened.

Thank you for sharing the programming behind recommendation system. It is always good to learn how to implement the concept to a real product. This skill is very useful since it can apply to many other ways. For example, we can use the rating of customers on certain products to predict what product people like most. As time past, we can have more idea on what people like so as to set up the selling strategy. All in all, the recommendation system is very useful and powerful.

Thank for your demonstration on recommendation system using python and it makes me understand more about how to analyze the information with programming. It is good for us to have a practice ourselves in order to understand how the equation taught in the lecture is actually work. I think it will be better for us to understand the recommendation system if you can demonstrate how the parameters affect the result of predicted users rating. I think your post will benefit me as help me to understand how to use python to perform analysis on information especially for the coming project.

Its cool that you can understand this concept and apply it directly. It is useful to separate people with similar preference and recommend somethings that they may be interested it. It not only save the cost to analyse individual users needs and wants, but also it can enhance users loyalty towards the company.

Nice experiment. I appreciate you that you make the matrix factorization in recommendation system yourself. In previous years in University or Secondary school, we only knew how to solve the matrix factorization. However, we dont know the use and the application of the matrix factorization. But now, I can see combining the programming skills and the matrix factorization to undergo a prediction of a movie rating. Using acquainted knowledge and combine it to create a new application is what engineer aiming to do. What an amazing job! Moreover, the steps are very clear and easy to follow. I must follow the instruction and try out myself. Thanks for your recommendation!

Well explanation to the three different types of human information interaction. I agree to your point on how Human Information Interaction binds into our lives and how it is important to us. As an IE student, we often need to deal with the exchange of information and how to encode and decode data. HII allows us to analyse the social ties between different nodes and do content analysis on the different comments provided. I often think that Huamn information interaction only relate to how human interact with information but not between machine-machine interaction, good example raised!