Machine learning seems to be a powerful tool of improving humans nowadays technology. While you have mentioned a lot of advantages of machine learning, I would also like to raise up some downsides and concerns of it.
As known, the mechanism of machine learning is to analyze the most rewarding output the machine can make in order to maximize the reinforcement. Just imagine if the machine is used to help people make decisions, it seems to become a big trouble as the machine only knows how to maximize the profit but ignore other aspects that we would care in our human world. It is true that the machine may be able to make the most rational decision but in fact, humans do not only live with rationality, we have emotions, sensations, relationships and so on. We make a lot of effort to strive a balance between various aspects throughout our lives. Although it is true that machine works very well in playing chess and analyzing big data, it can never replace humans mind and wisdom in the future.

But I really hope that machine learning can play more important role in the future, as it is helping our live.

Thank you for your sharing. About What is the future of Digital Interaction through machine learning? I got some thoughts. I think the machine can substitute human to do some dangerous work such as building sites and some disgusting works. It can enhance our living standard.

I agree to your point. Content analysis is around us and making a great help to us. Besides, I think that there are challenges that content analysis or the use of big data have to face. The problem of users privacy is one of it. Data has to be collected for data analysis and data collection requires users consent. It is more difficult to collect data since people are more aware of the leakage of personal data. Therefore, earning users trust is the upcoming challenge of developing this technology.

Thank you for your informative and illustrative blog.

Indeed, the applications of content analysis are now everywhere in our daily life. And I agree that in the short future, using the power of machine learning, the efficiency and accuracy of content analysis could be improved in great extent. Look at the Siri and Google Assistant, they are newly developed artificial intelligent assistant in recent years. Not only could they help us to perform searching, the could also understand what we talked and give us a rapid response. This is very exciting and stunning fact showing us the content analysis could be very useful in coming future.

Yes, it is true that content analysis brings us a lot convenience nowadays. But one should be noticed that, in this commercialized world, the result provided by the search engine is not merely by quantitative approach and qualitative approach, but also marketing approach. Some companies would collaborate with the search engine, paying them money and prioritize their brands on the top of the searching results.
It comes to an issue of the trustworthiness of the information displayed on the Internet. We should be aware that the online information is not necessarily true and suitable for the users. Rather, many companies try to intentionally create a demand and need of their products so as to gain profits.

Apart from contributing to recommendation systems, content analysis can also used as a tool to analyze the trending topics of different regions. There was once an article that compare the trending topics in different countries or cities in Asia. The data collected can be used to analyze consumers behaviour and predict future trends.

I totally agree with you as the recommender system is widely used in our daily life. The size of information is rapidly expanding nowadays so it is very difficult for a user to handle such amount of data themselves. To process the information, recommender system helps users to find out what they may wanted easily and faster by analyzing the users behavior on the Internet. However, as a user, we may feel curious about what data is being collected by the system. Privacy is also an important issue on Internet security and people should careful handle such problems when developing the recommender system.

I think you really showed me a very detail description of recommend system, not only its function and its advantages. There is no doubt that this kinds of system really benefit to us in different aspect, for example we can search some movie comments for consideration before we getting into the cinema, and we can also study the comments before we buying something in Tao Bao online shopping. However, nowadays the recommend system has been illegal used by some company, they want more people to buy their products, they find people to post some fake comments to confuse the customers. I think that is what we need to be more careful in the digital environment.

Thank you for your sharing on different recommendation systems. I understand more on different recommendation systems with your examples. I agreed that the recommendation systems are very powerful. The wide application of recommendation systems makes online shopping more convenient and easier. It also provides a new way for us to get in touch with the numerous information. For example, when you watched a video about cooking on YouTube, many other cooking videos are recommended. It is not necessary for us to search for another cooking video again. Various information is provided in a short time.
But at the same time, there are things that we should pay attention to. As you mentioned, data are collected from users to predict users behavior. We should take proper measures to protect our data while enjoying the benefits from recommendation system.

I agree with you that social media is an very attractive tool. I am one of the sheep in the herd. As I remember, I sign up for an Facebook account is because after a trip with my friends, they want to share photo and tag me. At that time, I actually dont familiar with social media and just hear about Facebook. Because The Bandwagon Effect, I created an account and got used to it, and now it becomes a important part of my daily life. Recently, I shared it to my parent and they also be a the sheep in the herd :D.

I agree to your point. It is true to say that people use social media network because of the social trend. More and more, I have seen that people also become a sheep in the herd when they use the social media network. For instance, when people see others keep posting a photo of certain place, they will also go there to check in and post the same photo.
Another example is the ice bucket challenge. Many people neglect the reason behind this challenge and just to play and share on their own site. It shows that many people do not really think before they act, which is not a good sign. Therefore, I think that sometime its ok to follow the social trend but we need to have critical thinking.

Yes, I remember that the first social media site I used is Facebook. At that time, my friends asked whether I have an account of Facebook or not and so I registered to interact with them online. I was addicted to it as people kept discussing about the things in the social networking site. And I believe that more of us sign up their account because of similar reason. The Herd Effect has great impact to the human society as it can create a trend among people but we also need to be aware of the actual meaning of the thing.

I agree with you. Social Media is one the powerful mind control method to affect people. For example like north Korea and China, we can see how the media control limits peoples mind.

