Thank you for your sharing. Human information interaction is essential nowadays. For example, as what you have mentioned, companies can promote their products to service, which are suitable for customer. In addition, those data can apply in different fields. I would like to share following article to you all.
https://www.simplilearn.com/big-data-applications-in-industries-article
This article is talking about the application of Big Data. For instance, education institution can investigate how much time is spend on different pages by students. I believe that those data can improve our life present and in the future.

Thank you for your sharing. I agree that being a computer science student, knowing how human interact with information could help us to understand how to collect the data for machine learning.
Lets me explain more on how to collect data after learning HII.
In the theory of HII, the interaction of information could be classified into three areas:
1. human-to-human interaction,
2. machine-to-machine interaction
3. human-to-machine interaction.
For instance, if you were Facebook and you wanted to recommend some products to your users, then you could collect data in above three areas. i.e collecting chatting record between users (human-to-human interaction), collecting user buying history to see what products user has bought in the past (human-to-machine interaction) and analyzing the trend of products by checking the social media posted on Facebook (machine-to-machine interaction)
By doing that, you could apply the theory of HII and apply what you learned in machine learning.

I agree with your idea. Context computing really has a bright prospects depends on the big data we can collect now. Besides the users’ trust on system, I think the redundant information is a puzzle we have to face. Because more information means more ‘useless’ information we have. We need to spend more time or design accurate algorithm to distinguish. Or we may make mistake on knowing users requirements.
Thanks for you sharing. 

It is undoubtedly that context computing can provide some great suggestions to us. However, there are some limitations too. Besides the trust problem mentioned, the understanding of computer is also one of the major problems. For example, the recommendation system is mainly using some mathematical formula to calculate the marks of similarity. However, human mind is much more sophisticated than a number, so, I think that improving the understanding of computer is the next issue, so that we can have better solutions provided by computers in future.

Thanks for sharing the context computing technology that newly developed. I have also written a blog post about the context computing technology. We both share the same views on how context computing technology could benefits our lives in a very convenient manner. I am looking forward to have more real life context computing applications since there are not really a lot nowadays. However, I believe that after a few years, context computing will be a trend of technology development since it can really make our lives more easier.

I agree with you, but sometimes the abuse of information will make user confuse. Of course context computing is essential, but we need to have a well use of it.

Writer mainly focus on three parts of the information. Firstly, it will be linguistic structure of the information. Using the example ‘chair’ to let reader can understand the concept. Language can let us to share the common concept and so that we can communicate with each other. The Second one will be the importance of the semantic information. Semantic information have the truth meaning of the information whether than the physical information. This can also help for the machine learning and some UX function for the technology field. The last one will be content analysis. Content analysis becomes more important for the new technology world. Writer use NLP as the example to describe of the difficulty of the development of the content analysis using in machine learning.

I agree that semantic information is important when we are analysing data because different words would have a different implied meaning. What differentiates humans and computers are that the language computer use is straight forward with a very direct meaning since it is basically commands. However, language that human beings use would have different implied meanings, and even if we combine two distinct words, it might have a different meaning as its original meaning. For example, “the pen is mightier than the sword" has no relationship with ‘pen’ and ‘sword’, but it implies a meaning behind the phrase that convincing people with words are more effecting than forcing them to do. This might not be analysed this way by computers. There is still a long way for content analysis to be accurate.

Thank you for your sharing. I do agree that we should study semantic information. Through studying this information, we can notice the habits of human and our computer can select some suitable information for us. However, I think these information is confusing sometimes. For example, we will use a picture or icon to express our opinion. Unfortunately, due to different life experience, we have different understanding related to the picture. I would like to take following picture as an example.
https://travelhappy.vic.gov.au/svgs/icon-learned-misunderstandings-59.svg
Some people may think they are speaking foul language. But some may think that they are speaking in different languages and they cannot communicate with each other. Thus, sometimes it is hard to study semantic information.

I think it is essential to study semantic information. Different words have different meanings. A single word can as well have multiple meanings. By analyzing semantic information, we can better understand human behavior. However, before analyzing information, it is necessary for us to understand the information and perform content analysis.
Content analysis is widely applied to different fields. Though content analysis is very common nowadays, the accuracy of content analysis is still a challenging problem. Even with the same sentence, different people can have different interpretations, depending on their ages, experience, education level etc. So, great effort is required for further development of content analysis.

I agree with that we must face huge difficulties in reality on sentiment analysis. I also talked about this in my blog post As a Hong Kong people, I first thought of how can it applied in Chinese. Chinese is a extremely complex language system. Different places have different slangs, but they are all written in the same Chinese Word. How can the computer understand the actual meaning of the sentences? I hope we can see it one day

Machine learning is a hot trend nowadays and it involves a complicated set of algorithm to analyse the digital information collected from its “learning" process. I agree that human cognition is different than that of computer’s cognition, so sometimes it is difficult for computers to have a ‘human mindset’ and think the way that humans think. One major difference is that humans’ decisions are easily affected by emotions and thus makes ‘rational’ decisions, but computers does not consider human emotions when making decisions, which is what differentiates the way humans and computers process information. To a certain degree, machine learning can make our life’s easier but I don’t not think that machines could completely simulate human decisions, and thus cannot replace humans.

Thank you for clarifying the difference between human cognition and digital cognition. Machine learning is becoming more mature and well-developed than before and it shows its power in many aspects. However, even machine learning is powerful in many aspect, I think it cannot completely replace human and it may cause problem in implementation. There is a case that using AI to make decision may cause a philosophical dilemma. For a self-driving car system, if it faces an accident which cannot be avoided, it needs to make a choice between crashing one person or crashing 5 people. For a machine, it may make the “rational" choice to crash 1 person to save more people. In reality, a human may make another choice if the only person is his wife. It is a good question to think of where and when we should make use of the help of machine learning. It also worth our time to consider the future of machine learning.

I like to explore about the artificial intelligence as well as machine learning a lot. I think that developing the machine learning and artificial intelligence will be a big trend in the following few years. One of the machine learning development, facial recognition, is being more and more mature nowadays. As you can see in Facebook, the auto-tag function on photos is really powerful and can always successfully recognize the right person. It is very impressive and I think after a few years, the digital cognition will be more mature and can help us improve our quality of lives a lot.

I totally agree your definition to the difference between human cognition and digital cognition. Computer is learnt from us. Nowadays machine learning not only gets involve in the communication only. IBM Watson (which is a machine learning program) had produced and movie trailer Morgan! Machine learning are spread to all aspects.
Undoubtedly, it enhances and facilitate human life, also improve the efficiency. It will create lots of risk. However, I am a bit worried about the development of machine learning since until a certain time, the machine will replace human completely if we over-rely on the computer. We need to use machine learning in a suitable way.
